Document recovery from broken kubelet certificate (#28312)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/setup/production-environment/tools/kubeadm/troubleshooting-kubeadm.md

  sudo chown $(id -u):$(id -g) $HOME/.kube/config
  ```

## Kubelet client certificate rotation fails {#kubelet-client-cert}

> By default, kubeadm configures a kubelet with automatic rotation of the client certificate located
> in `/var/lib/kubelet/pki/` and path specified in `/etc/kubernetes/kubelet.conf`. If this rotation process
> fails you might see errors such as `x509: certificate has expired or is not yet valid` in kube-apserver logs.
> To fix the issue, first check that `/var/lib/kubelet/pki/kubelet-client-current.pem`
> is a symlink. If not, backup and delete it. The kubelet will recreate it.
> Then follow these steps:
> 1. Backup and delete `/etc/kubernetes/kubelet.conf` and regenerate it with
> `kubeadm init phase kubeconfig kubelet`. Pass the original `--config` file you used with `kubeadm init`.
> If you don't have it, manually edit the `kubelet.conf`.
> 2. Restart the kubelet (`systemctl restart kubelet`) and wait for
> `kubelet-client-current.pem` to be recreated.
> 3. Run `kubeadm init phase kubelet-finalize all` using `--config` file if necessary.
> 4. Restart the kubelet again.
> 

Reviewer: i realized this would not work for worker nodes.
here is the updated version. i've made some other updates too.

(note: the `1.` list works like so)

```suggestion
By default, kubeadm configures a kubelet with automatic rotation of client certificates by using the `/var/lib/kubelet/pki/kubelet-client-current.pem` symlink specified in `/etc/kubernetes/kubelet.conf`.
If this rotation process fails you might see errors such as `x509: certificate has expired or is not yet valid`
in kube-apserver logs. To fix the issue you must follow these steps:

1. Backup and delete `/etc/kubernetes/kubelet.conf` and `/var/lib/kubelet/pki/kubelet-client*` from the failed node.
1. From a working control plane node in the cluster that has `/etc/kubernetes/pki/ca.key` execute
`kubeadm kubeconfig user --org system:nodes --client-name system:node:$NODE > kubelet.conf`.
`$NODE` must be set to the name of the existing failed node in the cluster.
Modify the resulted `kubelet.conf` manually to adjust the cluster name and server endpoint,
or pass `kubeconfig user --config` (it accepts `InitConfiguration`). If your cluster does not have
the `ca.key` you must sign the embedded certificates in the `kubelet.conf` externally.
1. Copy this resulted `kubelet.conf` to `/etc/kubernetes/kubelet.conf` on the failed node.
1. Restart the kubelet (`systemctl restart kubelet`) on the failed node and wait for
`/var/lib/kubelet/pki/kubelet-client-current.pem` to be recreated.
1. Run `kubeadm init phase kubelet-finalize all`. This will make the new `kubelet.conf` file use `/var/lib/kubelet/pki/kubelet-client-current.pem` and will restart the kubelet.
1. Make sure the node becomes `Ready`.
```

  sudo chown $(id -u):$(id -g) $HOME/.kube/config
  ```

## Kubelet client certificate rotation fails {#kubelet-client-cert}

By default, kubeadm configures a kubelet with automatic rotation of the client certificate located
in `/var/lib/kubelet/pki/` and path specified in `/etc/kubernetes/kubelet.conf`. If this rotation process
fails you might see errors such as `x509: certificate has expired or is not yet valid` in kube-apserver logs.
To fix the issue, first check that `/var/lib/kubelet/pki/kubelet-client-current.pem`
is a symlink. If not, backup and delete it. The kubelet will recreate it.
Then follow these steps:
1. Backup and delete `/etc/kubernetes/kubelet.conf` and regenerate it with
`kubeadm init phase kubeconfig kubelet`. Pass the original `--config` file you used with `kubeadm init`.
If you don't have it, manually edit the `kubelet.conf`.
2. Restart the kubelet (`systemctl restart kubelet`) and wait for
`kubelet-client-current.pem` to be recreated.
3. Run `kubeadm init phase kubelet-finalize all` using `--config` file if necessary.

> 4. Restart the kubelet again

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Restart the kubelet again.
```

another missing dot.
